Chap data manipulation (#54)
LaunchCodeEducation/data-analysis: src/chapters/data-manipulation/data-manipulation.rst

Data Manipulation
=================

.. _readingDataManipulation:

Readings
--------

The readings and exercises are a little different for this chapter.  Both have been combined into a GitHub repository containing two 
jupyter notebooks. The link can be found :ref:`here<dataManipulationNotebook>`. 

.. admonition:: Note

>    You will find all the assigned reading within each notebook in the GitHub repository you forked for this weeks exercises.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   You will find all the assigned reading within each notebook in the GitHub repository you forked for this week's exercises.  
```

Data Manipulation
=================

.. _readingDataManipulation:

Readings
--------

> The readings and exercises are a little different for this chapter.  Both have been combined into 2 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will find the assigned reading within this lesson's jupyter notebooks.  Please fork and clone the notebooks to start learning about data manipulation.
```

Author: I would like to keep forking to the exercises page.

> jupyter notebooks and the link can be found :ref:`here<dataManipulationNotebook>`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~~jupyter notebooks and the link can be found :ref:`here<dataManipulationNotebook>`.~~
```

Reviewer: (if you take the suggestion in line 9, you shouldn't need line 10)

Author: I reworked this page and the exercises page.  Thoughts on flow now?

> | Complete the notebooks in the following order using the readings to help you:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Complete the notebooks in the following order:
```

> #. DataManipulationWorkbook

Reviewer: Could we link to each notebook here?

Author: Because we are having them fork and clone the GitHub repo to their account, I link adding a link to the notebook contained in the repo might be confusing.  They are going to need to open the one they just cloned to their computer.

Author: Reworked both data-manipulation.rst and exercises.rst, Moved all the instructions to a note in the exercises page.  Add added two admonitions to the data-manipulation.rst file

#. MergingTables 

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 If you need a refresher on how to do this 
see :ref:`Instruction for Using GitHub w/Jupyter Notebooks<usingGitHubNotebooks>`.
```

Author: In trying to keep the formant consistent throughout the chapters - I added the link to exercises which walks them thru this and then links back to the Readings Section.  And then when done it links to submit requirements on the exercises page.

Author: Reworked both data-manipulation.rst and exercises.rst, thoughts?

| When finished follow the instructions :ref:`here<submitDataManipulation>` to submit your finished notebooks.

> .. admonition:: note

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. admonition:: Note
```

>    The reading links are included within the notebooks you forked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will find all the assigned reading within your forked notebooks.  
```
